this lamp
it's called ayo add your own this is
just an olive jar each head of each lamp
is just an everyday product so the idea
was to basically make the end-user part
manufacturer and part designer you just
get the kit rail you get the stand and
this nozzle bit you can decide if you
like I've got an old olive jar I've got
a fruit crate of God like an olive tin
you get your kit and you drill a hole
and put some screws in what I'm trying
to really achieve this to encourage
end-users to say okay I've got some
material that I can use I want to get a
bit more involved in the process of
making and designing so I've given them
sort of a basic idea basic skeleton
template and they're making essentially
finished their own product with whatever
leftover and everyday product they may
have for me what's really important is
to create some sort of wareness of the
amount of stuff that we producing and
the amount of stuff we don't really need
so just allows people to they may have
had some box or cray lid or maybe like
an old lamp shade from another thing
they could very easily just just fit
that on which is usually this twisted
wire which just clips onto these rubber
bits the idea was not first too
expensive because you can see the raw
materials are I mean that's rebar you
can get that at the local shop for for
next to nothing
yeah I'm not dead in there the whole
idea is that these I want to just come
off easily so that you don't have to
keep it for your whole life I mean
nobody wants the same piece for the
whole lot I mean for example I could
take this one off and change it they
just come in to changed they're scraped
over here there is a level of skill you
would need because you need to be able
to drill holes there's one hole over
there and in three holes with these
bowls go through everything else is
supplied so I guess the main thing is to
just be able to
use your imagination and it does create
awareness about everyday products that
are just lying in the street and perhaps
how we could just maybe give them
another life or we could just look at
them in a different way I just really
like the idea of seeing how could we
take the strain of centralized
production which is basically what what
we do all the time now and instead of
shipping like a more material to then
user you can just part ship the basics
and then they can use what they prefs
got lying in a garage or and their
shared or something
I like the idea of decentralized in
production so instead of having one big
head office where everything gets made
or one factory it's made you're kind of
providing a template and then the end
users sort of pitching in to such an
extent of of adding the material and
perhaps an idea and then also a bit of
labor into it making it more there it's
just really exploring is it possible to
put forward to a customer and user like
just half a product just saying you want
to get more involved you want to be a
little proactive with your piece